#summary Class API for Tooltip from module Components
#labels Class-jplex.components.Tooltip,Release-Pangolin,Module-Components,API-Class
#sidebar APIPangolincomponentsIndex

= Class *jplex.components.Tooltip*  _extends [APIPangolincommonComponent jplex.common.Component]_  =

== Description ==
Tooltip component

This simple component is commonly used to create <em>help</em> tips on a page.

== Config Table ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
<tr><td> *Name* </td><td> *Default Value* </td><td> *Description* </td></tr>
<tr><td> _content_ </td><td> `""` </td><td>  Inner text of the bubble. You can put HTML code if you want </td></tr>
<tr><td> _position_ </td><td> `"top-right"` </td><td>  Sets the position of the bubble relative to the source component. This parameter must be expressed 
as a join of two strings. The first one is the vertical align (`top` or `bottom`) and the second is 
the horizontal align (`left` or `right`) </td></tr>
<tr><td> _positionRatio_ </td><td> `0.83` </td><td>  Sets the position of the bubble compared to the element. This ratio is the x-position of the pin related 
to the beginning (or end) of the element divided by the width of the element </td></tr>
<tr><td> _shadowWidth_ </td><td> `1` </td><td>  The bubble has a `div` shadow, with this little parameter you can configure how to render it </td></tr>
<tr><td> _source_ </td><td> `<component ID>-source` </td><td>  The HTML Element that will be the source of the tooltip. Basically, when the mouse enters
this element, the tooltip is shown.
If no `source` is given, the tooltip is associated with the element that has the following ID:
`<the tooltip ID>-source`. If not present, `document.body` is used. </td></tr>
<tr><td> _trigger_ </td><td> `Tooltip.TRIGGER_MOUSEOVER` </td><td>  Sets the trigger type to show/hide the bubble. The three types of triggers are defined in the static
properties </td></tr>
<tr><td> _zIndex_ </td><td> `99` </td><td>  Sets the zIndex of the bubble </td></tr>
</table>

== Event Table ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
<tr><td> *Name* </td><td> *Description* </td><td> *Parameters* </td></tr>
<tr><td> _onHideEvent_ </td><td>  Fired after hiding the component </td><td>  </td></tr>
<tr><td> _onShowEvent_ </td><td>  Fired after showing the component </td><td>  </td></tr>
</table>


== Properties ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">        
<tr><td> *Name* </td><td> *Type* </td><td> *Description* </td></tr>
<tr><td> _TRIGGER_CLICK_ </td><td> `String` </td><td> `static  `  The bubble will be shown if the user clicks on the element</td></tr>
<tr><td> _TRIGGER_CUSTOM_ </td><td> `String` </td><td> `static  `  The bubble will not be shown by an event, the user must directly call `show`/`hide` functions</td></tr>
<tr><td> _TRIGGER_MOUSEOVER_ </td><td> `String` </td><td> `static  `  The bubble will be shown if the element is hovered by the mouse</td></tr>

</table>



== Methods ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">                                
<tr><td> *Signature* </td><td> *Return Type* </td><td> *Description* </td></tr>
<tr><td> `getBody()` </td><td> `Element` </td><td> Get the body `div` HTML element of the tooltip (content placeholder)<br /> </td></tr>
<tr><td> `getSource()` </td><td> `Element` </td><td> Get the source HTML Element that triggers the tooltip<br /> </td></tr>
<tr><td> `hide()` </td><td> `void` </td><td> Hides the bubble<br /> </td></tr>
<tr><td> `render()` </td><td> `void` </td><td> Render the bubble and hide it<br /> </td></tr>
<tr><td> `setContent(newContent)` </td><td> `void` </td><td> Set the content of the tooltip (Support HTML content)<br />  - `newContent <object>` Raw text or HTML content<br/></td></tr>
<tr><td> `setPosition(top, left)` </td><td> `void` </td><td> Set the absolute position of the tooltip on the viewport<br />  - `top <object>` top offset in pixels (relative to the viewport)<br/> - `left <object>` left offset in pixels (relative to the viewport)<br/></td></tr>
<tr><td> `show()` </td><td> `void` </td><td> Shows the bubble<br /> </td></tr>

</table>
=== Inherited Methods ===

 * [APIPangolincommonComponent jplex.common.Component]:  `$C`,  `cfg`,  `fireEvent`,  `getEvent`,  `lang`,  `locale`,  `setCfg`,  `setEvent`,  `unregister`, 
