#summary Class API for FrameSet from module Components
#labels Class-jplex.components.frame.FrameSet,Release-Pangolin,Module-Components,API-Class
#sidebar APIPangolincomponentsIndex

= Class *jplex.components.frame.FrameSet*  _extends [APIPangolincommonComponent jplex.common.Component]_  =

== Description ==
Creates a set of Frames.
This component is a kind of windows manager since it handles the
interaction between the different frames you've added.
<p>
Since Modal windows are `modal` (sic), it makes no sense to add a modal
frame to the frame set: a modal frame doesn't interact with any other frame, it is modal.
Even if there is no code-limitation about that, it leads to strange
behaviors sometimes. Just avoid it.

== Config Table ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
<tr><td> *Name* </td><td> *Default Value* </td><td> *Description* </td></tr>
<tr><td> _overlay_ </td><td> `false` </td><td>  Show an overlay behind the whole frame set if `true` </td></tr>
<tr><td> _overlayColor_ </td><td> `"#000000" (black)` </td><td>  Color of the overlay (only if `overlay` is `true`) </td></tr>
<tr><td> _overlayOpacity_ </td><td> `0.6` </td><td>  Opacity of the overlay (only if `overlay` is `true`) </td></tr>
</table>

== Event Table ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
<tr><td> *Name* </td><td> *Description* </td><td> *Parameters* </td></tr>
<tr><td> _onAddFrameEvent_ </td><td>  When a frame is added to the group </td><td>   - `frame <jplex.components.Frame>`  the window that has been added <br/>  </td></tr>
</table>



== Methods ==
<table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">                                
<tr><td> *Signature* </td><td> *Return Type* </td><td> *Description* </td></tr>
<tr><td> `add(Id)` </td><td> `jplex.components.Frame` </td><td> Add a new frame to the frame set. You can either supply a string to create
a new component or an existing Frame component.
The 'new' frame is extended and receives a new method (`toFront`) to handle
the relative positioning between the frames of the set.<br />  - `Id <jplex.components.Frame|String>` of the new window to create,<br/>or Frame component to be added to the frame set.<br/></td></tr>

</table>
=== Inherited Methods ===

 * [APIPangolincommonComponent jplex.common.Component]:  `$C`,  `cfg`,  `fireEvent`,  `getEvent`,  `lang`,  `locale`,  `setCfg`,  `setEvent`,  `unregister`, 
